+++
tags = []
author = "J Story"
published = 2008-10-05T11:35:00-07:00
title = "Call for participants: homelessness rally October 18, 1-2pm"
slug = "2008-10-05-call-for-participants-homelessness-rally-october-18-1-2pm"
+++
Folks, I wanted to let you know that a "STAND" for Homelessness is being
organized for Saturday October 18th, from 1 - 2 p.m in front of New
Westminster City Hall. This has been a grassroots movement started at
the Carnegie Centre and has gradually spread and been taken up by many
of the communities in our Province.  
  
October 12th to October 19th is deemed "Homeless Week" that in itself is
frightening.  
  
This is a Rally of sorts except that the only requirement is that we
stand together, forming a line, some with turquois banners which read
"HOMES FOR ALL", some wearing turquois scarves and generally wave to
people as they pass , if they acknowledge us. There are no speeches,
loudspeakers, obvious organizers, drums, noisemakers etc. We may have
some leaflets to hand out which outline certain demands of all levels of
government. This is a non-partisan event, no one political party is the
host, but the Coalition for Homelessness in New Westminster. This is a
respectful joining of citizens in our community coming together to
identify a critical crisis of the Homeless. Dave Brown, Lookout, is the
point person on this. I am only assisting to get the word out. Please
pass this information on to your neighbours and friends. All I did was
go through my e-mail addresses and try to pick out people I know in New
West.  
  
Hope to see you on the 18th!  
  
Lorraine Logan
