+++
tags = [ "minutes",]
author = "J Story"
published = 2008-06-09T15:13:00-07:00
title = "MINUTES, MAY 28, 2008"
slug = "2008-06-09-minutes-may-28-2008"
+++
New Westminster Downtown Residents Association  
  
Minutes, May 28, 2008  
  
The regular meeting of the New Westminster Downtown Residents
Association was held on May 28, 2008 in the Lounge at Holy Trinity
Cathedral with approximately 60 persons present. The 6 Directors present
were: Andrew Boyd, Steve MClurg, Miriam Smith, Jonathan Story, Doug
Whicker, Lila Wood.  
  
The meeting was called to order at 7:05 pm by Chairperson Lila Wood.  
  
M/S/C: To adopt the Agenda as circulated.  
  
M/S/C: To adopt the minutes and treasurer's report from the March
meeting as circulated.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">GUEST SPEAKERS</span>  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">NEIL BARKEY</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">Manager, New Westminster Quay Public
Market</span>.  
Neil gave us some insight about the new ownership of the Quay. Currently
they are collecting public input of ideas at
[www.quayideas.com](http://www.quayideas.com/) as well as conducting an
assessment of the electrical, mechanical and plumbing systems of the 22
year old facility. He answered questions from the floor, mainly
concerning paid parking, which he said is essential to cover the costs
of the parking lots.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">MARK KOPINYA</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">Salient Group</span>.  
Mark made a brief presentation of redevelopment plans for the Trapp
Building. The hope is to restore the historical Edwardian façade of the
1902 building as part o the new building. The development will include
the low rise buildings on the east and west side of the Trapp Building
to provide a total of 176 residential units and 193 parking stalls, to a
height of 18 storeys. Salient would like to include a “green awareness”
in this project which will feature retail space at street level. Work
may start in early 2009.  
Project goes to City Council June 23rd.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">ROB McCULLOUGH</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">Assistant Curator/Heritage Programmer, New
Westminster Museum and Archives</span>.  
Rob spoke on the project “My Neighbourhood, My City”, an effort to
gather stories and anecdotes, memories of our collective history. A
series of forums held in conjunction with Residents Associations will
attempt to achieve this. Ours (the downtown area) will be held Thursday,
June 19, from 6 to 9:30 pm at Century House.  
  
Rob also spoke of the possibility of having a new museum as part of the
planned facility on Çolumbia Street.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">VIVIAN YOUNG</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">Core Education and Fine Arts
Project</span>.  
Vivian and Karen, both mothers of young children, spoke on a proposal to
create a  
Junior kindergarten school at 725 Carnarvon Street, across the street
from the former “Mugs and Jugs” site. The group requires a variance to
decrease the number of parking spaces so as to increase the play area.
The facility would include six class rooms, spaces for 80 to 84 children
ages one to four years. Child care facilities in the area currently have
long wait lists. Core Education and Fine Arts is the licensed program
they will use. They would appreciate our letter of support.  
  
M/S/C That we write City Council a letter of support for this
facility.  
  
M/S/C To accept the Treasurer’s Report. $903.29 plus $500 cash portion
of the  
City grant, $1403.29 on hand. The City grant was $5000 made up of cash
$500 and in kind services of $4500.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">CORRESPONDENCE</span>  
  
Various items received from City re Downtown Community plan Task Force.
Lila will be  
our appointee. Re Downtown Community Plan Ideas Fair to be held May 31
at Douglas College, 9 – 12 pm. Re Clarkson/Carnarvon Streets Area Task
Force, meeting to be held in June.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">COMMITTEE REPORTS</span>  
  
Traffic Advisory - New proposed City parking policies and requirements
presented, also explanation of “Traffic Calming” process.  
  
Homelessness Coalition: A one-hour silent vigil to increase awareness of
Homelessness, called a “stand” will take place Saturday, June 21st from
1 – 2 pm  
at 6th Avenue and 6th Street in front of Royal City Centre.  
  
Community Police Committee: Deputy Chief Mike Judd is off to Afghanistan
for a one year period.  
  
8th Annual Community Barbecue, Thursday, July 24, 2008.  
Next committee meeting, Wedneday, June 4, 6:30 pm at Genesis House.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">UNFINISHED BUSINESS</span>  
  
All Candidates Meeting – no interest.  
  
Next meeting: Community Barbecue, Thursday, July 24, 2008, 5 to 8 pm at
Genesis House and on Merivale and Carnarvon Streets (the streets will be
closed to traffic).  
  
There being no further business the meeting was adjourned at 9:10 pm
