+++
tags = []
author = "J Story"
published = 2010-04-05T15:43:00-07:00
title = "Minutes of March 24, 2010 Meeting"
slug = "2010-04-05-minutes-of-march-24-2010-meeting"
+++
<span class="Apple-style-span"
style="font-family:arial, sans-serif;font-size:100%;"><span
class="Apple-style-span"
style="border-collapse: collapse; font-size:13px;"></span></span>
<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-size:medium;">Holy Trinity
Cathedral Parish Hall</span>

  

**<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-size:medium;">Call To
Order</span>**

  

**** 7:10 pm, 48 persons in attendance including speakers and Directors.

  

M/S/C Approval of Agenda, January Minutes, Treasurer’s Report.

  

**<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-size:medium;">Roll Call Of
Directors</span>**

  

****Present – Andrew Boyd; Barbara Elliott, *Homeless Coalition
Representative*; Paul Goodrick, *Community e-mail*; Judy Ross, *Farmers
Market Representative*; Miriam Smith, *Recording Secretary and Traffic
Advisory Representative*; Jonathan Story, *Web Site Manager*; Lila Wood,
*Chairperson and Traffic Advisory Representative.* Also present: ** Eric
Westerberg, representative from City Planning.

  

**<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-size:medium;">Guest
Speakers</span>**

  

**Michael Degelder**, *Plaza 88 Developer*.

Mr. Degelder brought us up to date on the situation at Plaza 88. Three
out of four towers are completed and mostly sold out. Planned fourth
tower requires variances in order to proceed. This tower may include a
hotel. Plaza 88 will feature a unique residential and commercial mix
know as a “Rail Mall” right on the Skytrain route. Hopeful completion
date is Christmas 2011. Mr. Degelder acknowledged and was thankful for
the support of the Downtown Residents Association. He fielded questions
and concerns from the audience including an interest in the 10-screen
cinema and other tenants for the project.

  

**Mark Sheih And Blazenka Vojkovic** of *River Market at the Quay*.

First off, we were told that the Market will reopen in Summer 2010 and
also to watch for an announcement on April 1st regarding an anchor
tenant. 55% of the space is spoken for and Sheih is committed to using
locally based businesses featuring local produce. The Market is also
contemplating a bicycle based delivery service as an amenity.

An open discussion was held to hear and discuss concerns regarding
parking, connecting the overpass, and a possible community garden
connected to the market. The Circus School will be returning to the

second floor along with food and health based tenants.

  

*Coffee Break*

*  
*

Speaker **Andrew Boyd**, *Executive Director of the Westcoast Genesis
Society*.

Andrew discussed the Keary Cottages at 305 and 307 Carnarvon Street. We
learned the history of the building from 1886, as well as how funding
was secured to enable the renovations to go ahead in order to house 35
residents and 20 staff members, kitchen, offices, and full basement. The
Cottages will provide a safe home, councelling, and assistance to those
suffering from Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder as well as for the
homeless. The first residents are now being settled in and hopefully
tours will be available at the time of our July 29th Annual Barbecue.

  

**<span class="Apple-style-span" style="font-size:medium;">Committee
Reports</span>**

  

**Homeless Coalition**: next meet March 25, 9:00 am.

  

**Traffic Advisory Committee**: New highly visible crosswalks are being
installed in front of Royal Columbian Hospital. Next meet March 25, 5:30
pm.

  

**Community Policing**: Crime in the downtown core is down. Graffiti
remains a problem, report to the police anyone seen tagging. Blockwatch
is a crime deterrent, difficult to establish in downtown condominiums
due to building security.

  

**Farmers Market/Winter Market**: Good attendance at March 20 Market.
Next Market April 17, 10 am to 2 pm at Holy Trinity Parish Hall.

  

**Westminster Pier Park**: Eric Westberg, our City Hall Liaison from the
Planning Department, updated us on possible features and amenities at
the site. Work is due to start on this project soon as there is a
deadline for completion.

  

**<span class="Apple-style-span"
style="font-size:medium;">Business</span>**

  

**10th Annual Barbecue and Street Festival** July 29, 2010, 4 – 8 pm.

Discussion re ticket prices, presently $5 per person. Do we want
increased price, Adult, Children separate tickets/prices? No decision.

  

**Directors Meeting**: April 28th, 6:30 pm at the Queen Building.

  

**Next Regular Meeting**: May 26, 2010, 7:00 pm, at Holy Trinity Parish
Hall.

  

**Adjournment**: 9:15 PM.

  

**Aside**: Prior to this meeting Barry Buckland of Lafflines Comedy Club
dropped by seeking support for transfer of the present Lafflines Liquor
License to the Burr Theatre premises. This would be a Primary License
and would include sale of food items. It would also decrease the number
of licensed seats to 110 from 220, making the premises more family
friendly. Those who were here before the meeting was called to order
discussed this matter and were in favour of the transfer of this Liquor
License. A letter will go to the City to support the transfer of
License. Unfortunately, Barry Buckland had a previous commitment and
could not stay for the Residents meeting.
