+++
tags = []
author = "J Story"
published = 2008-12-12T11:49:00-08:00
title = "BBB's “Top 10 Online Shopping Tips”"
slug = "2008-12-12-bbbs-top-10-online-shopping-tips"
+++
This year, BBB is offering a “Top 10 Online Shopping Tips” for holiday
shoppers to help prevent being taken in by unscrupulous online
retailers, scammers and hackers.  
  
1. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Protect your computer</span> – A
computer should always have the most recent updates installed for spam
filters, anti-virus and anti-spyware software, and a secure firewall.  
  
2. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Use trustworthy Web sites</span> –
Shoppers should start with BBB to check on the seller’s reputation and
record for customer satisfaction. Always look for a “trustmark” from
BBBOnLine and click on that seal to confirm that it’s valid.  
  
3. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Protect your personal
information</span> – BBB recommends taking the time to read the site’s
privacy policy and understand what personal information is being
requested and how it will be used. If there isn’t one posted, it should
be taken as a red flag that personal information may be sold to others
without permission.  
  
4. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Trust your gut</span> – Offers on
Web sites and in unsolicited e-mails can often sound too good to be
true. Consumers should always go with their instincts and not be afraid
to pass up a “deal” that might cost them dearly in the end. If you are
searching for deals in online classified ad sites like Kijiji.ca and
Craigslist.ca, be careful because they do not prescreen advertisements.
Choose a local site close to where you live to search for products, and
communicate with the seller to arrange for pickup. Never wire money to a
stranger.  
  
5. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Beware of phishing</span> –
Legitimate businesses do not send e-mails claiming problems with an
order or an account to lure the “buyer” into revealing financial
information. If a consumer receives such an e-mail, BBB recommends
picking up the phone and calling the contact number on the Web site
where the purchase was made to confirm that there really is a problem
with the transaction.  
  
6. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Confirm your online purchase is
secure</span> – Shoppers should always look in the address box for the
“s” in https:// and in the lower-right corner for the “lock” symbol
before paying. If there are any doubts about a site, BBB recommends
right-clicking anywhere on the page and select “Properties.” This will
let you see the real URL (Web site address) and the dialog box will
reveal if the site is not encrypted.  
  
7. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Pay with a credit card</span> – It’s
best to use a credit card online, because the shopper can dispute the
charges with their provider if he or she doesn’t receive the item.
Shoppers also have dispute rights if there are unauthorized charges on
their credit card, and many card issuers have “zero liability” policies
under which the card holder pays nothing if someone steals the credit
card number and uses it.  
  
8. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Keep documentation of your
order</span> – After completing the online order process, there may be a
final confirmation page or the shopper might receive confirmation by
e-mail – BBB recommends saving a copy of the Web page and any e-mails
for future reference and as a record of the purchase.  
  
9. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Check your credit card statements
often</span> – Don’t wait for paper statements; BBB recommends consumers
check their credit card statements for suspicious activity by either
calling credit card companies or by checking statements online
regularly.  
  
10. <span style="font-weight: bold;">Know your rights</span> – If you
have entered into the contract over the internet or phone, it may be
considered a Distance Sales Contract. For more information about
consumer contracts and your cancellation rights, please contact the
Business Practices & Consumer Protection Authority (BPCPA) at
1-888-564-9963 or visit [www.bpcpa.ca](http://www.bpcpa.ca/).  
  
For more advice on staying safe online this holiday season, and to see
reports on thousands of online retailers, go to
[www.bbb.org](http://www.bbb.org/).
