+++
tags = []
author = "J Story"
published = 2010-11-16T10:20:00-08:00
title = "Friday, November 19, Green Free Movie Night"
slug = "2010-11-16-friday-november-19-green-free-movie-night"
+++
<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Queen Elizabeth Community School's
Parental Advisory Committee ( PAC) in partnership with Explore a green
world (EAGW)  are proud to present: </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">  </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">"FernGully The Last Rain Forest"
</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Green Free Movie Night </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">November 19, 2010 at 7:00 PM</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">QE Gym - 921 Salter St. New Westminster
BC V3M 6G8</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">This movie is a story about the magical
inhabitants of a rainforest called "FernGully" who fight to save their
home that is being threatened by logging and a polluting force of
destruction.</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">This movie is rated "G" : it is for the
whole family, with animated features and a strong ecological message. It
will delight children and amuse parents.</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">ADMISSION: </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Please bring a recyclable item to
donate to the School's recycling and bottle program (empty can, bottle,
juice containers, etc.) </span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">What do I need?  A blanket, or pillow (
or both) to sit on</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Don't forget: </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Bring a clean and reusable bowl for
Popcorn</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">And a clean reusable mug for Hot
Chocolate</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Reduce, Reuse, Recycle!</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">The “Explore a Green World” is an
Environmental, Multicultural and Educational Program to educate young
children and their communities about the importance of reducing,
reusing, recycling and protecting our environment. </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Queen Elizabeth Community School's
Parental Advisory Committee ( PAC) in partnership with Explore a green
world (EAGW)  are proud to present: </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">  </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">"FernGully The Last Rain Forest"
</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Green Free Movie Night </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">November 19, 2010 at 7:00 PM</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">QE Gym - 921 Salter St. New Westminster
BC V3M 6G8</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">This movie is a story about the magical
inhabitants of a rainforest called "FernGully" who fight to save their
home that is being threatened by logging and a polluting force of
destruction.</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">This movie is rated "G" : it is for the
whole family, with animated features and a strong ecological message. It
will delight children and amuse parents.</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">ADMISSION: </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Please bring a recyclable item to
donate to the School's recycling and bottle program (empty can, bottle,
juice containers, etc.) </span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">What do I need?  A blanket, or pillow (
or both) to sit on</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Don't forget: </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Bring a clean and reusable bowl for
Popcorn</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">And a clean reusable mug for Hot
Chocolate</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Reduce, Reuse, Recycle!</span>

  

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">The “Explore a Green World” is an
Environmental, Multicultural and Educational Program to educate young
children and their communities about the importance of reducing,
reusing, recycling and protecting our environment. </span>

**<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Purpose:</span>**<span
style="font-size: 11.0pt;"> To educate young children, their families
and their communities about creating a cleaner and “greener”
environment.  The aim is to instil a sense of awareness of our world in
children at a young age so that they start their lives understanding the
importance of recycling.  </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">EAGW is offered by: Family Services of
Greater Vancouver in New Westminster</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Funded by United Way - Success by
6</span>

**<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;"><span class="Apple-style-span"
style="font-weight: normal;">Supported by the City of New
Westminster</span>Purpose:</span>**<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;"> To
educate young children, their families and their communities about
creating a cleaner and “greener” environment.  The aim is to instil a
sense of awareness of our world in children at a young age so that they
start their lives understanding the importance of recycling.  </span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">EAGW is offered by: Family Services of
Greater Vancouver in New Westminster</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Funded by United Way - Success by
6</span>

<span style="font-size: 11.0pt;">Supported by the City of New
Westminster </span>
