+++
tags = []
author = "J Story"
published = 2011-01-09T01:20:00-08:00
title = "Minutes, November 24, 2010 Meeting"
slug = "2011-01-09-minutes-november-24-2010-meeting"
+++
**CALL TO ORDER:** Chair Lila Wood called the meeting to order at 7:10
pm.  
  
**ROLL CALL OF DIRECTORS:** Present: Andrew Boyd, Barbara Elliot, Paul  
Goodrick, Judy Ross, Miriam Smith, Jonathan Story, Lila Wood.  
  
**ATTENDANCE:** 44 persons, including Directors and guests.  
  
**APPROVAL OF AGENDA, MINUTES AND TREASURER’S REPORT:** M/S/C  
  
**GUEST SPEAKERS:**  
  
**KEN HARDIE, *Translink***  
  
Hardie provided a comprehensive overview of Translnk
services, highlighting New Westminster as a “critical traffic hub” with
major arterial routes for cars and buses as well as host to five
Skytrain stations. He mentioned that the Transit police will move to a
new head office in Sapperton in 2012. Of specific interest to us in the
downtown is the push for encapsulation of the North Fraser Perimeter
Road – no decisions on this yet. Due to financial reasons the NFPR will
be unfolding in phases. First phase is due to begin in 2011, the United
Boulevard connector.  
  
Translink is currently in a “holding pattern” again due to financial
reasons, so no word on the Evergreen Line or further Skytrain service to
Langley or Surrey. Also, no word on the creation of a new Pattullo
Bridge. Current policy is to “renovate and maintain” the existing
structure.  
  
At this point the floor was opened for questions and queries. A
wide range of topics were discussed; i.e. “tolling” on a new bridge,
bicycle and pedestrian safety on existing Pattullo Bridge, Skytrain
hours of service, safety of stations, passes for low-income seniors,
etc.  
  
Due to time constraints, Hardie asked if he could be brought back in
January or March.  
  
**HARVEY HATCH, *Architect***, and **PETER NEWALL, *owner, of Ballenas
Project Management*,** re proposed development for 125 Columbia Street
(at Elliot St.)  
  
Newall told us that Ballenas has done a number of projects in
New Westminster, most recently the Interurban development on the
old Windsor Hotel site. He had a copy of the latest Official Community
Plan and mentioned that his proposed 20 storey/11 townhomes development
aligned itself with the new OCP.  
  
At this point the Architect for the project, Harvey Hatch, discussed
the handy proximity of the proposed development to Skytrain and also to
the site of the new school to be built at the former St. Mary’s Hospital
site.  
  
The floor was then opened to questions and judging by the
audience response there did not seem to be much support for this
project. One major concern was lack of street access to the site and
present lack of street parking in the area. There is no access or
parking on the Columbia Street or Elliot Street sides of the property.
There is no street on the east (park) side, leaving only narrow Clarkson
Street for constructions vehicles, deliveries, emergency vehicles and
residents and their visitors. The planned underground parking will have
to take into consideration the Skytrain tunnel under the upper portion
of the site. The property is presently owned by the city for unpaid
taxes. The developer has an agreement to purchase and feels that he can
overcome these difficulties. Both Hatch and Newall agreed to come to a
future meeting when plans have advanced.  
  
Due to the late hour the regular committee reports and business were
put over to the January meeting.  
  
**MEETING ADJOURNED** at 9:20 pm.  
Next meeting **January 26, 2011**.
