+++
tags = []
author = "J Story"
published = 2011-02-09T14:12:00-08:00
title = "Minutes, January 26, 2011 Meeting"
slug = "2011-02-09-minutes-january-26-2011-meeting"
+++
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">CALL TO
ORDER</span>: Chair Lila Wood called the meeting to order at 7:05 pm.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">ROLL CALL OF
DIRECTORS</span>: Present: Andrew Boyd, Paul Goodrick, Judy  
Ross, Miriam Smith, Jonathan Story, Lila Wood.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">ATTENDANCE</span>:
26 persons, including Directors and guests.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">APPROVAL OF AGENDA,
MINUTES AND TREASURER’S REPORT</span>: M/S/C  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">GUEST
SPEAKERS</span><span style="font-family:arial;">:</span>  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">JULIE RAMIREZ</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">River Market</span>: Julie gave a brief
update on the new tenants at the Market – The Vancouver Raw Food School
and the Great Wall Tea Company, and the Grand Wednesday morning programs
of tea for seniors and a 5% discount at Donald’s Market and free
parking. The Raw Food School will be doing a demonstration and offering
free samples.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">BEV GREEN</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">Planning Department Manager, City of New
Westminster</span>, and <span style="font-weight: bold;">Joannne
Edey-Nicoll</span>, <span style="font-style: italic;">Assistant Director
of Parks, Culture and Recreation</span>, presented the plans for the
Civic Facility to be built on Columbia Street between 8th Street and
Begbie Street. The proposed facility will include office space, as well
as Arts and Museum space, a conference hall, theatre, underground
parking and, at street level, a restaurant and retail space. A
stipulation of the 35 million dollars in DAC funding is a completion
date of December, 2013. Currently, “due diligence” is being done to the
proposal and a public rezoning hearing will be held at City Hall on
February 21, 2011. The floor was then opened for a question and answer
period.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">VEN. JOHN BAILEY</span>, <span
style="font-style: italic;">Rector of Holy trinity Cathedral</span>,
updated us on the plans for redevelopment of the Parish Hall site to
include a possible 20-storey tower with profit/non profit housing as
well as hall, offices, kitchen and parish spaces, with underground
parking. A ground–level plaza and open space as well as improved access
to the Skytrain station are also in the plans. Holy Trinity has hired a
consulting firm to work through the issues with the Diocese of New
Westminster, BC Housing, and the City of New Westminster. We will be
kept advised as the project develops. Rev. Bailey requested a letter of
support from the Downtown Residents Association. The floor was opened
for a question and answer session.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold;">M/S/C</span>: That we write a letter to
the City in support of this project to rebuild the Holy Trinity Parish
Hall.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">REGULAR
BUSINESS:</span>  
  
Due to time constraints, Committee reports and correspondence were
referred to the Directors for attention.  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">NEW
BUSINESS:</span>  
  
The Downtown Community Barbecue and Street Festival was discussed and
the many problems considered, including financing – our City grant has
been cut back severely; site – ten years ago we could accommodate our 50
guests very easily, in 2010 400 guests were beyond the comfort level,
with long line-ups for food, over-crowded house tours, and guests at the
outside edges of our site could not see or hear the entertainers or
speakers. It was agreed that there would be no Barbecue in 2011. We will
bring new ideas to our March meeting for a bigger and bolder event or a
smaller and simpler event. Do we need a larger location, or limit the
number of tickets sold, or increase the price? Are there new sources of
revenue? Can we partner with the Quayside group and/or the BIA?  
  
<span style="font-weight: bold; font-family:arial;">MEETING
ADJOURNED</span> at 9:15 pm.  
  
Next meeting March 23, 2011.
